This is export hack, my first semester programming project.
It's just like rogue (Sort of).

To set it up for your system, you will have to do the following:
	1: create a hack uid, to own the top ten list, etc.
	2: create a hack directory "/usr/lib/game/hack" is the default.
	3: make the subdirectory save.
	4: make the directory 700 mode.	/* sav files go in there...*/
	5: create perm (0 length regular file)
	6: modify hack.main.c to use the new directory.
	7: make other changes (like default terminal now vt100)
	7: If you don't have a hack gid (Create one..) remove all refrences to
 getgid()==42 or compile it -UMAGIC to get rid of magic mode.
	8: recompile hack.
	9: put it in games after making it set-uid hack.
	10: fix the bugs I undobtedly left in it.
	11: tell me what you think of it.

	Hack uses the UCB file /etc/termcap to get your terminal escape codes.
If you only have one kind of terminal you can change the escape codes in
hack.pri.c and cm(), then recompile everything -DVTONL.

If you find any bugs (That you think I don't know about), or have any
awesome new changes (Like a better save (One that works!)), or have ANY
questions, write me
		Jay Fenlason
		29 East St.
		Sudbury Mass.
			01776

or call me at (617) 443-5036.  Since I have both a modem and a teen-age
sister, Good Luck.


Hack is split (roughly) into several source files that do different things.
I have tried to fit all the procedures having to do with a certain segment
of the game into a single file, but the job is not the best in the world.
The rough splits are:

hack.c		General random stuff and things I never got around to moving.
hack.main.c	main() and other random procedures, also the lock file stuff.
hack.mon.c	Monsters, moving, attacking, etc.
hack.do.c	drink, eat, read, wield, save, etc.
hack.do1.c	zap, wear, remove, etc...
hack.pri.c	stuff having to do with the screen, most of the terminal
		independant stuff is in here.
hack.lev.c	temp files and calling of mklev.

Because of the peculiar restraints on our system, I make mklev (create
a level) a separate procedure execd by hack when needed.  The source for
mklev is (Naturaly) mklev.c.  You may want to put mklev back into hack.
Good luck.

Most of hack was written by me, with help from
		Kenny Woodland (KW)	(general random things including
			the original BUZZ())
		Mike Thome	(MT)	(The original chamelian)
	and	Jon Payne	(JP)	(The original lock file kludge and
			the massive CURS())

This entire program would not have been possible without the SFSU Logo
Workshop.  I am eternally grateful to all of our students (Especially K.L.),
without whom I would never have seen Rogue.  I am especially grateful to
Mike Clancy, without whose generous help I would never have gotten to play
ROGUE.

	To make hack fit on a non split I/D machine.  #define SMALL
	and VTONL, modify the escape sequences in hack.pri.c, and re-
	copmile it.  Note that you lose a lot by doing this, including
	the top ten list, save, two wands, and several commands.


			Good Luck...

